[Table of Contents] (index.md)

1. [Basic Usage] (1.usage.md)
2. **Options**
3. [Interface Control] (3.operation.md)
4. [Participation Contribution] (4.contribution.md)

2.1. Overview
===

The options object for jsMind is briefly mentioned in the example in the previous chapter:

```javascript
Var options = {
    Container: 'jsmind_container', // [required] Container ID
    Editable: true, // [optional] Whether to enable editing
    Theme:'orange' // [optional] theme
};
Var jm = new jsMind(options);
```

However, this is only a small part, and the complete definition of the jsMind options object is as follows:

```javascript
Options = {
   Container : '', // [required] container ID
   Editable : false, // Whether to enable editing
   Theme : null, // theme
   Mode : 'full', // display mode
   Support_html : true, // whether to support HTML elements in the node
   View:{
       Engine: 'canvas', // drawing engine for lines between nodes of the mind map
       Hmargin:100, // the minimum horizontal distance of the mind map from the outer frame of the container
       Vmargin:50, // The minimum vertical distance of the mind map from the outer frame of the container
       Line_width: 2, // the thickness of the mind map line
       Line_color:'#555' // The color of the mind map line
   },
   Layout:{
       Hspace:30, // horizontal spacing between nodes
       Vspace:20, // vertical spacing between nodes
       Pspace:13 // horizontal spacing between nodes and connectors (used to accommodate node shrink/expand controllers)
   },
   Shortcut:{
       Enable: true, // whether to enable shortcuts
       Handles:{}, // named shortcut event handler
       Mapping: { // shortcut mapping
           Addchild : 45, // <Insert>
           Addbrother : 13, // <Enter>
           Editnode : 113, // <F2>
           Delnode : 46, // <Delete>
           Toggle : 32, // <Space>
           Left : 37, // <Left>
           Up : 38, // <Up>
           Right : 39, // <Right>
           Down : 40, // <Down>
       }
   },
};
```

The above options are the default options for jsMind. All options except container are optional. You can add options to override these default options.

These options are described in more detail below.

2.2. General Options
===

**container** : (string) [required] Container ID

> When instantiating a jsMind, this parameter is not allowed by default. jsMind uses this parameter to find the page element and output the mind map to the element. To make it easier to control the size and position of the mind map, use [Block Element][1] as a container for the mind map, such as `<div>`.

> You can modify the element, but generally only set its size, position, border, etc.; if you want to change the font, font size, background color, foreground color, etc. of the mind map, it is recommended to add a custom theme. .

**editable** : (bool) Whether to enable editing

> This parameter controls whether editing on the mind map is supported. The editing behavior currently provided by jsMind includes adding nodes, deleting nodes, modifying node titles, moving node positions, etc. If this parameter is set to true, the API can be used to perform the above. Action, otherwise these APIs will not take effect. By default, the value of this parameter is false .

> It should be noted that jsMind only provides an editing interface and a small amount of shortcut key support, and does not provide full editing functionality. This parameter is only used to limit the use of these APIs.

**theme** : (string) theme

> Specify the subject name of jsMind.

**mode** : (string) display mode

> jsMind now supports two display modes:

> * full - child nodes are dynamically distributed on both sides of the root node [default]
> * side - child nodes are only distributed on the right side of the root node

**support_html** : (bool) Whether to support HTML elements in the node

> The default value for this parameter is true , meaning that HTML code is allowed in the node's title, and you can even insert a table `<table>` in the node header if you wish. If you want only plain text in the title, set this parameter to false .

> It should be noted that in freemind, the style of the node is controlled using the html language. If you use data in freemind format, it is recommended to set this parameter to true.

2.3. Typographic options
===

**view.engine** : (string) The drawing engine for the lines between the nodes of the mind map

> jsMind now supports two line drawing engines:

> * canvas - draw lines on the canvas [default]
> * svg - Use svg to draw lines. When there are many nodes in the mind map and the area is huge, using this mode can bring significant performance improvements.

**view.hmargin** : (number) The minimum horizontal distance (pixels) of the mind map from the container frame
**view.vmargin** : (number) The minimum vertical distance (pixels) of the mind map from the container frame

> These two parameters determine how close the mind map is to the border of the container. When the mind map itself is used as an object, these two parameters are similar to the object's margin(css) property. For aesthetic reasons, the default setting is 100 pixels in the horizontal direction and 50 pixels in the vertical direction.

**view.line_width** : (number) The thickness of the mind map line (pixels)
**view.line_color** : (string) The color of the mind map line (the color representation of the html)

> These two parameters determine the style of the lines in the mind map. By default, the line is 2px thick and the color is dark gray (#555).

**layout.hspace** : (number) horizontal spacing between nodes (pixels)
**layout.vspace** : (number) vertical spacing between nodes (pixels)

> These two parameters are equivalent to the margin (css) property of the node object. The default value is 30 pixels in the horizontal direction and 20 pixels in the vertical direction.

**layout.pspace** : (number) Node shrink/expand controller size (pixels)

> If a node (except the root node) has a lower node, the outside of this node will display the controller that shrinks/expands the lower node. This parameter is used to set the size (width and height) of this controller. The default value is 13 pixels.

2.4. Shortcuts
===

**shortcut.enable** : (bool) Whether to enable shortcuts

> This parameter is used to control whether the mind map can be edited (or other operations) using the keyboard shortcuts on the jsMind interface. The default value is true, which means that the shortcut keys are enabled.

**shortcut.handles** : (object{string : function}) named shortcut event handler

> jsMind provides some commonly used processors for manipulating mind maps (see the next section), which provides the ability to define additional processors.
> The parameter is a collection of string->function(jsmind, event), string refers to the name of the processor, and function is the logic to be executed by the processor. In the configuration of the shortcut.mapping in the next section, Bind the name of the processor to a specific button for quick operation. For example, the following code defines a processor:

```javascript
Handles : {
    'dosomething' : function(jm,e){
        // do something...
    },
    'dosomeotherthing' : function(jm,e){
        // do some other things
    }
    ...
}
```

**shortcut.mapping** : (object{string : number}) shortcut key mapping configuration

> This parameter is used to configure the correspondence between the specific button and the processor. This code shows the correspondence by default. For example, the code of the [Insert] key is 45, which can be used to add a child node, and 112 represents Is the [F1] key for dosomething.

```javascript
Mapping: { // handle mapping.
   Addchild : 45, // <Insert>
   Addbrother : 13, // <Enter>
   Editnode : 113, // <F2>
   Delnode : 46, // <Delete>
   Toggle : 32, // <Space>
   Left : 37, // <Left>
   Up : 38, // <Up>
   Right : 39, // <Right>
   Down : 40, // <Down>

   // example
   Dosomething: 112, // <F1>
}
```

> In addition to the single button described above, jsMind adds support for composite buttons. The code for the combined shortcuts is the code for the regular button plus the identification code for the function button.
> Currently supports four function keys, the corresponding identification codes are:

> * Meta : 8192 (jsMind.key.meta)
> * Ctrl : 4096 (jsMind.key.ctrl)
> * ALT : 2048 (jsMind.key.alt)
> * SHIFT : 1024 (jsMind.key.shift)

> Here are some examples:

```javascript
Mapping:{
   Addchild : jsMind.key.ctrl + 73, // <Ctrl> + <I>
   Delnode : jsMind.key.ctrl + jsMind.key.alt + 68, // <Ctrl> + <ALT> + <D>
}
```

Copyright Notice
===

Reproduction and prohibition of interpretation are prohibited.

The jsMind project is still being upgraded and updated, and the corresponding documentation is updated when the version is updated. To avoid confusion for users, it is prohibited to reprint this document without prior written permission, and any changes to this document are prohibited.

[1]: http://www.nowamagic.net/librarys/veda/detail/1190 "CSS block-level elements, inline elements concept"
